[Music]
The project we're participating in
is called AmpliErex Space
Pharmacy, which consists of a series of
different Lego-type blocks, for
example, that allow for the creation of
various biological reagents and medications
through a
chain reaction. The main objective of
sending this prototype into
space—which, by the way, consists of 1500 pieces—is to study
how these
devices react in a
microgravity or
zero-gravity environment. This way, we can validate, in a sense,
a higher level of
extreme environment, which can ultimately be
extrapolated to any place on
Earth. We could eventually test it
in the jungle, in Antarctica, or in other
environments also considered
extreme.
[Music]